Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Morning...
Morning bro.
University 2-1,
University 2-1...
Go for uni 2-1
Proceed to 499 Augusta at
College;
possible cardiac arrest.
We're on the move.
Did you get those pills?
He was...
Thank you.
Nitro.
When was the last time he
took these; do you know
the last time?
No, no, no, not so fast.
Are you on any
other medications?
Mr. [inaudible] doesn't
speak a word of English.
Right, if he's on
something else and I give
his nitro is BP
will plummet.
Well then...
Well?
Didn't help.
Sorry ma'am, this is
very, very important.
Is your husband on any
other medications?
Anything else?
I don't know.
Did you get something?
Yeah, he's on the
little blue pill.
Don't give away
his secret.
The secret is hers.
Let's get him out of here.
Dispatch this is uni 2-1,
we have a stow and go.
Patient is stable.
ASA has been
administered. Over.
So let me get this
straight, this guy is
having a heart attack and
he just starts thinking
about some stripper?
Well she was beautiful.
Well I guess if I had my life
flashing before my eyes I'd
want to conjure up a nice set
of comforting memories...
is that guy still alive
back there?
Yeah, he's fine.
Remember you asked me to look
into this Logan character?
What did you get?
Eighteen months ago this
Metro cop Charlie Marks
gets shot and killed.
Every big case that she
ever broke the same name
keeps popping up
in the reports.
Logan.
Yeah, Capper...she lost
her life in the end trying
to protect him.
Seven cases; who knows
how many more he never
surfaced in.
And we're sure
he's a paramedic?
Yeah, I mean apparently
a really good one.
Records just have him
as an unpaid informant.
I mean there's nothing to
say what he was bringing
to the party.
Could be he just
had a bamboozle.
Maybe once or twice,
but case after case?
Okay say he's the
paramedic who always
wanted to be a crime
solving butt kicker.
Could be his real skill is
just manipulation?
Oh I hate it when an
informant says it's urgent.
You want backup?
No, keep going on Logan.
I want to know if this guy
is the real deal... or if
he's up to something.
Thought I made it clear
the fewer meets the better.
You gonna want to hear
this; it's about that
gunrunner you've
been watching.
What gunrunner?
Peter Charlebois.
What about him?
Well he made your man and
judging by that look on
your face I'd say I
just earned my pay.
I suppose you have.
It's always a pleasure doing
business with you sarge.
Oh yeah sarge, I wouldn't
wait too long getting him
out of there
if I were you.
=== Sync by Alice ===
=== www.addic7ed.com ===
Taking nitro and...
Yeah wife's been slipping
it into his tea.
Without him knowing?
You go girl.
You take this?
Yeah.
So beer, pizza,
what do you think?
Oh I can't this week.
I have plans.
Yeah, is he that
neurosurgeon?
Lawson... what is it?
Are you doing the thing...
are you reading me...
No, no, we know you well.
We know you well.
I know you well.
Oz, I think
he's caught on.
Sandy, she kind of... everyone
knows what you're  to.
Okay so maybe we are...
we're taking it slow..
see where it goes.
I don't know how quickly I want
to get back into a relationship.
I know what you mean.
I mean it's all coming
down the way we thought;
shipments coming in.
All these months are
finally going to pay off.
Watch your step.
Nick I have to
pull you out.
Don't even joke about
something like that.
I'm not joking.
An informant has told me
that you've been made.
You have a target
on your back.
Come on Michelle; you know
how these informants work
they tell you what you
want to here...
It's Perry right?
What do you even
pay that guy?
That's not the point.
No, the point is we're
this close to pulling off
a bust you and I both
sweated blood for.
This is the show right;
this is why we do what we do.
If I wanted to play it safe
I wouldn't have become a cop.
Trust me; I got this.
I understand that but I'm not
going to let you risk your life.
On a takedown like this
that's as good as it gets.
So I am asking you,
do not do this.
I'm sorry.
Come on...that's it, I throw
away three and a half months
of deep cover work on the
word of some crack head?
Let me at least
get the drop site.
Even if I'm not involved
you can make your move.
And then you're
out of there.
I know you're my boss and
everything but I'll never
forget that you
dated my brother.
No unnecessary risks.
Damn, those are
my favorite kind.
Cummings is bragging about
how he saved some window
washer that was stuck
like 20 stories up.
You did that once right?
Yeah... first year, high rise.
I still have this thing
about extreme heights;
I'm good as long as I
don't look down.
You know what; I couldn't
have done that without
my best friend.
Adrenalin.
To adrenalin.
So what, are you guys
like danger junkies?
Sorry, I overheard.
No, no, that's okay.
Yes, yes we are
danger junkies.
Yeah.
Me too; anything that
gets my heart pumping.
We're EMS actually, so...
danger is my middle name.
It's pronounced Dunhair
but it's speeded like danger.
Toby... Oz and...
Phoebe.
Phoebe, I'm so curious,
Phoebe, what's....
what gets your heart pumping.
A bunch of things.
Free climbing; sky
diving, motorcycles.
You ever repel down a
thousand foot cliff?
For breakfast.
You ever ski down a
mountain  on your bum?
Not intentionally, no
I have to go number one.
Excuse me.
Sure.
You ever surf a
tropical storm?
You ever hang from
a chopper ski?
Where do you draw the
line; what to you would be
just too crazy?
Too crazy... too crazy
would be leaving without
your number.
Risk assessment manager.
Girl's got to
make a living.
You sure Nick's been made?
That's the problem;
I'm not sure.
But how can I
take the chance.
Four months, nearly
200,000 stand a chance to
intercept God knows how many
guns built for body count.
That's a quote,
unquote on somebody.
You think I like this?
If you pull Nick on the
eve of this thing you'll
be losing any advantage
you have; that's if the
deal even goes down.
Pierre has to go
through with it.
If word got out that he
bailed because a cop was
inside his operation
it wouldn't be good.
We're still drawing blanks
on the bar... what is it...
Loutier?
We know nothing about him;
where he's from, what he
looks like, if that is
even his real name.
Exchange is the only chance
we may have to grab him.
That's my point exactly.
You could be pulling the plug
based on faulty intelligence.
At the very least you
have to corroborate it.
I might have an idea.
Morning Mr. Logan.
Hey.
What are you doing
in my neighborhood?
Your eyes are a
little bloodshot;
did you have a rough night?
Have you been
following me?
I was hoping we could
have a little chat...
I brought coffee and
bear claws.
So what is it that you
want Sergeant?
I would like to know
the truth about you.
You must have
access to my file.
I do but it doesn't
answer all my questions.
Okay I would help
Charlie out on cases.
I would read facial
expressions,
body language,
things like that.
So you're a face reader.
If you want to
call it that, yeah.
So two weeks ago with that
amnesia victim how did
you know so much
about that case?
You'd be amazed at what
the face gives away.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Well amaze me.
No, no, this is bogus.
Then prove me wrong.
Oh, let's just...
I don't, no...
Oh come on, I'm just going
to be back with more
questions and you know
what, next time there
won't be any coffee
or bear claws.
Not the bear claws.
What do you see
when you look at me?
I see uh... I see...
easy on the eyes.
What does my
expression tell you?
If he's
for real I can use him.
If I'm telling the truth
you might be able to use me.
It's too obvious.
All right... what is the most
important thing on your mind?
I can't let
anything happen to Nick.
You're thinking about
somebody who is close to
you that you're
worried about.
You got that from
my expression?
Mmm, micro-expressions;
like your nose,
your eyes, in your
mouth... they do all these
funny little things and you
start to bring it altogether.
To be honest I make it
up most of the time...
it's not magic.
Yeah, uh...next time you
want a word with me just
give me a call.
That was fast.
Mr. Logan...
Toby; you can
call me Toby.
Okay Toby, I'm going
to be honest with you.
I'm in a real bind and I
would like to try out this
face reading
things of yours.
I hope this is worth
the trip.
You're going to be very
happy Mr. Loutier.
M203 grenade launcher,
as promised.
Takes out doors, windows,
bunkers, slices onions
without tears.
And you have all
four hundred pieces?
That and more.
And we're on
for 1500 hours?
You'll get a text
with the details.
Okay here we are.
Where is here?
Inside there's a guy in a
baseball cap talking to a
guy in a leather jacket.
I want you to tell me
what's going on between
the two of them.
Okay, it's a big vague.
It's an undercover
operation; I can't tell
you anymore than that.
I'm sorry.
All right, wish me luck.
Hey.
Nick's camera is
transmitting nicely.
The newb has landed.
Can I grab a coffee?
Yeah.
Figure the guys
busting my chops so
I throw down and tell him
his wife's on the hefty side.
Think I might have called
her a mini cooper in drag.
That's real
thrilling to hear.
You're lucky he didn't
smoke you on the spot.
So what's the timing
on this thing?
I mean you want me to
divert Port security
I need to know when.
There's no rush bro, we'll
get our marching orders,
you'll get yours.
Like I'm
freaking going to tell you.
Swear to god these eggs are
going to kill me one day.
It won't be
the eggs that get you cop.
Change of plans, Port's out,
new drop site, Royal.
Gonna eat that?
Be my guest.
Like taking
bacon from a pig, right cop?
He knows your
guy's a cop.
You got this from
reading his face?
You want me to
prove that again?
Your guy's in
serious danger.
I didn't get the drop
site but I'm close.
Well close isn't
good enough.
What; you're really going
to 86 the operation on
what Perry told you?
It's not just him; I have
someone else telling me
the same thing.
Sorry I'm late.
Nick this is Toby Logan;
he does behavioral
analysis for us.
Behavioral what?
Face reading.
No kidding.
He observed you and
Pierre this morning.
What the hell would you
sent someone over without
telling me for?
He confirms what my
informant has been saying.
Yeah?
And how did you do that?
It's a little art;
it's a little science.
I mean your face
is saying things even
when your lips aren't.
But are you even a cop?
No.
Do you really want to take
a chance that I'm wrong?
It's your life man.
So what did you see man;
you see a little tic,
a twitch or something?
Well it's not that simple.
Oh no, of course not
because then you'd have to
explain it and no
one would hire you.
I'm going on
my gut as well.
We walk away from this
we lose everything.
I understand that Nick but
I can't take the risk.
If something is going
to happen to you...
It's calculated risk.
It's what we're
trained to accept.
Well this is
taking it too far.
It's over, I'm sorry.
We're going to figure
this out some other way.
I'm not happy about
this; you know that.
I know that.
So what did you
tell Sgt. McCluskey?
I told her I get it from facial
expressions, body language.
And she believed you?
Yeah.
You think you'll
actually ever tell her?
That I'm a
telepath... uh...
I don't know if I want
to go down that road again.
University 2-1... University 2-1...
....24-year-old male in
distress, Bathurst
and Wellington.
Uni 2-1, we're on
it thank you, copy.
Get in the car.
What the hell is going on?
Get in the car and drive.
How'd
Nick take it?
Like you'd expect.
It's not like the whole
thing's been a waste.
Well it still doesn't
make it any easier.
I'm sorry to barge in but we
got a situation on our hands.
What's going on?
Pierre slipped our tail
about twenty minutes ago.
What do you mean slipped?
A real pro job; used a
transport to block an
alley and cut off our car.
You got guys sitting on
his known associates?
No, they all
vanished... like that.
This is a very
coordinated plan.
Well they've got
to be somewhere.
I've checked all the known
frequents but there's nothing.
Let's get Nick on the line;
maybe he has some ideas.
I'm getting something.
What is it?
Michelle, Nick
sent you an email.
Sorry Michelle, gone too
far to turn back now.
How could he
be so stubborn.
He's not answering
his cell.
Pierre's gone to ground;
could they have him?
I want every resource we
have out there trying to
find these guys.
It's already in motion.
We do everything we
can to find Nick.
Hello?
It's Nick?
They found him, he's being
transported to St. Luke's.
This our guy caught in
a man-eating sofa?
Pinched artery, possible
deep tissue damage.
Put him in number 3.
Can you take this in?
Yes.
How is he?
It's not good.
Tell me he's
going to make it.
They are prepping
the OR right now.
It's best if
you wait here.
Sgt. McCluskey?
They um...
...they just shot him in
the head and left him in
the parking lot to die.
Whatever it takes I
want Pierre found.
There's still a
deal going down.
I'm going to stay here
until he's out of surgery.
Let me know the minute
you get anything.
Hi.
Is there anything
I can do?
No.
You... you did everything
that you could.
I was the one
who should have done something.
Don't beat yourself up.
The surgeon would like
to speak with you.
Time, two... game point,
here we go.
Toby it's not your fault anymore
than it was Sgt McCluskey's.
You told her
everything you could.
I told her the guy was
going to be in trouble,
he was in danger and look
he's in the hospital now.
You told her his life was
in danger, yes, but that
information didn't
get him shot.
I didn't tell her about
the text message I saw
the guy get that said
'change of plans'.
Now how am I going to say
I got that from reading
his face?
If it were me I
would just tell her.
I mean what's the worst
thing she could do to me?
She could say
'you're a nut job'.
I'm a nut job, so what?
Well last time I told a cop
that worked out well didn't it?
Not so easy
being a hero huh?
So Det. Marks you're here to
investigate the accident?
You know what
I'm thinking.
If it were me I
would just tell her.
I mean what's the worst
thing she could do to me.
Hi I can't
take your call right now;
please leave a message
and I'll get back to you.
Hey, um... Michelle,
it's Toby.
Just I'm at the hospital
here I was hoping you
could meet me, just
want to maybe tell you
something I've been
thinking about.
Anyway... yes,
...come and meet me at the
hospital if you can.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm a paramedic, just dropping
off a few personal items.
Thank you.
Nick...
I'm Toby.
I work with the IIB.
Sgt McCluskey, everyone at the IIB,
they want to get those bad guys
as much as you do.
Shouldn't even be here.
Look I...
I'm sorry because
I think I could have done
more to warn you and I
think it could have went
down a lot differently.
Stay strong man.
Have to tell them...
End it.
Oh my god.
What are you
doing in here?
I was just... I was
checking in on him.
What do you mean
checking in on him?
There's things I know
about his shooting;
details you need to hear.
I know who was there,
I know who shot him.
I know it's going to
sound crazy because he's
in a coma but
I got it from him.
What are you talking about?
All right, I guess there's
no other way to say it,
but I just...I have to
tell you that I...
I don't read faces;
I read minds.
Look, okay, I'm
telling you the truth.
Why do you think Charlie
used me on all those cases?
This is insane;
you need to go now.
Okay then how do you think
I know all that stuff in
the amnesia case; you even
said it was impossible.
Don't you dare use me
to back up this crap.
Just let me prove
it to you all right.
Pick a number.
Screw this
freak. Brown.
Brown is not a number.
All right there's no use
trying to fight it because
it just means I have to work
harder to prove it to you.
This
is crazy I have to...
Go tell Dev...
...that I'm bogus, look,
just... just pick a number.
84 birthday.
84, someone's birthday
What
the hell is this?
This is me reading your mind.
No this
is not happening.
This is happening
right now.
I can read all
your thoughts.
It's not possible.
This is possible and I
know it's scary...
but you can get used to it.
Charlie got used to it.
You need
to stop it; stop it.
I'm reading your mind
like I read Nick's.
Don't let this whole
operation and what
happened to
Nick be in vain.
Let me help you.
You're too good of a
cop not to see this.
I want you to tell me
everything you know.
Want a coffee?
Two sugars, right?
You can't actually believe
this guy's a psychic?
He was inside my mind.
No, he appeared to
be inside your mind.
There's a million ways he
could have done it and
it's all head games;
power of suggestion...
Yeah or he could have
just read my mind.
Maybe that Metro cop,
Charlie Marks, maybe
she believed the same thing.
Well let's put
him to the test.
Yeah, that mind you said
he read...well you've
officially lost it, okay.
I thought I was
looking at mug shots.
No we want you to create a
mug shot, it's like a
high tech version of
Mr. Potato Head.
Okay, all right,
how do we begin?
Think about the gunman.
Start real general.
Uh, white male,
early fifties.
You got to pick the
best matches okay.
Look at the shapes.
Okay...
uhh... here.
This guy here.
Okay. What about hair?
Hair, uhhh.... gray,
short, thinning.
Shorter than that.
Shorter.
It's pretty good.
Really good.
How about eyes?
Eyes...
this...
yeah, good.
Nose?
Here we go...
That's the guy.
You sure?
Yeah, just tweak his ears
and a little bit and
that's your Mr.
Potato head.
All right.
Wow that's cool.
Wow, that's him.
Wow.
All right, uh, Theo Sheridan.
Known associates include
one Pierre Charlebois.
There's no way you could
have seen him before.
I didn't, Nick did.
He was the triggerman?
Yeah, at Pierre's request.
There must be something
Theo's wanted on.
Yeah, yeah it seems that
he missed a parole officer
meeting not too long ago.
That'll work.
Yeah?
I understand.
Thank you.
Miss [inaudibe], Ruth, yeah,
It's Michelle McCluskey.
Listen I am so sorry to
have to tell you this.
Nick didn't make it.
No, the doctors they did
everything that they
possibly could.
Please give my condolences
to Frank and Roger.
Theo Sheridan?
Says my name.
Bringing you in on
a parole violation.
Since when does IIB do
that kind of crap, huh?
It will give us a chance
to talk about
Nick [inaudible]'s murder.
If you want to communicate with
the Sgt. just speak in a normal
tone and if you are reading
minds feel free to share.
You may
have fooled her;
you're not fooling me.
I'm not fooling around
Corporal, so...
According to your parole
officer you crossed into
the States last week.
That's my job;
I'm a food buyer.
What else were you buying?
I stopped into
an Armani outlet.
Could have fooled me; I'll
tell you what you were doing.
Arranged to sell a shipment
of high-powered guns to a
man named Loutier.
It was a red
shipment container.
We know the guns are in a
red shipping container.
Where's the
shipment coming in.
Shipment?
Oh you mean the
California oranges?
No Theo, I mean the
badass guns.
Screw you; I ain't saying
another thing until I get
a lawyer here.
We know you shot Nick.
Nick? I don't know no Nick.
First I'm going to find
those guns and then I'm
going to nail you for
Nick [inaudible]'s murder.
That I promise you Theo.
This may be all we
get; [inaudible] truck.
Did you see anything else?
We need something.
We checked Theo's apartment
and came up empty.
There was a...
...there was a tag on
the container lock.
Maybe a custom's seal?
Any of these?
Yeah, that one
right there.
They use them on
cargo containers.
Which one?
Who knows how many of
those come in a day?
I didn't know how to tell
you this before; I didn't
think you'd believe me,
but the coffee shop,
Pierre got a text he
said Port Town Royal.
Port Town Royal?
I don't know if that helps.
Yeah, according to customs
a shipment of, get this,
pineapples, came into the
country at Fort Erie and
was due to arrive an hour
ago at the Royal cargo yard.
Call you when I get there.
Hey...
Wait, wait, no, where do
you think you're going?
With you.
No, no, you're a civilian
so thank you very much for
all your help...
You're running out of time
and you're going to need me.
Okay, come on.
Just wait here.
Police!
Easy ma'am, easy...
I got a permit.
What we got here?
Get the hell out of here.
Needle meet haystack.
I got Canada Customs,
Agriculture, the trucking
line and the cousin's
broker's databases all open.
How many containers have
come in the last 24 hours?
Four hundred and twelve.
And they've all
been emptied?
Yes and the contents
shipped out already.
They don't play around down
there; it's all by the numbers.
Hey, any of the containers
have the number 321 on them?
I got a containers with
the numbers 6743-311
Where's it headed?
It looks like it's headed
for a company called
Staffordton and
Sons Distributors.
I'll let you know
if I need anything.
Beautiful thing huh?
IIB, no one move.
Drop your weapons!
Drop it now!
Go, go.
Easy...
They won't see
me in here, just wait it out.
Freeze!
Drop your weapon.
That's it, nice and slow...
Get up!
Okay Michelle, we
got you covered.
Hands behind your head.
Call it in.
Nick always said
you had no spine.
Hey...
Hey.
...so good thing
about being a cop is we
have people who
do that for us.
Oh, alright, I'm very jealous.
I just wanted to say
thank you for your help.
No problem.
It's... I think it's my duty
or something, I don't know.
So we got our guys.
Case closed.
Nice, good for you, good.
I'm still trying to wrap
my head around what it
is you do exactly.
You and me both.
It's for real
though isn't it?
Yeah, it's as real as
anything gets in my life.
So you can hear what
people are thinking.
Yeah, and I can see
it and sometimes
you're never really sure.
And how many people know?
Very few.
I guess two more now.
Yeah, I told Dev.
It must be strange getting
involved with the police again.
You know.... actually no.
It actually helps.
I could see us using
your gift again if the
situation were right.
You know where to find me.
And vice versa.
=== Sync by Alice ===
=== www.addic7ed.com ===
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org